# DFNavigation Extension

Navigate without being distracted by totally blocking websites of your choice or add a time limit to a group of websites.

## Chapters

<p>
  • <a href="#blocking a website">Blocking a website</a></br>
  • <a href="#adding a time limit to a website">Adding a time limit to a website</a></br>
  • <a href="#other settings">Other settings</a></br>
  • <a href="#privacy Policies">Privacy Policies</a></br>
</p>

## Blocking a website

There are two ways to block a website: 
- Either on the popup page
- Or in the settings page, in the `Block websites` category

## Adding a time limit to a website

To add a time limit to a website, you'll firstly need to include it in the limited websites list. It can be done by two ways:
- Either on the popup page by turning on the switch
- Or the settings page, in the `Time Limit` category

Then, you'll just need the choose the time limit on the settings page.

## Other settings

There was a time where you could subscribe to a premium version to access to additional settings. Here are those settings, now they're just free:
- Use a dark mode in the extension pages
- Set a password to access the settings and modify them
- Add a custom time limit per website

## Privacy Policies

### Privacy Policy
DFNavigation ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information
is collected, used, and disclosed by DFNavigation.
This Privacy Policy applies to our application named DFNavigation, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service"). By
accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure
of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

### Definitions and key terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined
as:
- Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- Company: when this policy mentions "Company," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to DFNavigation that is responsible for your
information under this Privacy Policy.
- Country: where DFNavigation or the owners/founders of DFNavigation are based, in this case is France.
- Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the DFNavigation Service to manage the
relationships with your consumers or service users.
- Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit
DFNavigation and use the services.
- IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These
numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
- Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by DFNavigation or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
- Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information - including a personal identification number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
- Service: refers to the service provided by DFNavigation as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our
content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- You: a person or entity that is registered with DFNavigation to use the Services.

### What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our service, register, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey
or fill out a form.
- Email Addresses
- Password

### How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our service (we continually strive to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive
from you)
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and
support needs)
- To process transactions

### How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide service to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we'll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.

### Your Consent
By using our service, registering an account, or making a purchase, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

### Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

### Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

### Tracking Technologies
Local Storage sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request header.

### Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
